# manu
What are the benefits of an Advanced Yoga Teacher Certification Program? 
We at Sri Krishna Wellness Yoga and Cultural Centre are honored to be associated with Krishnamacharya Yoga Mandiram (KYM)  -Chennai. The internationally renowned KYM  KWC YOGA TEACHERS TRAINING PROGRAM – Diploma in Yoga  is exclusively  conducted  in our premises in Malleswaram. Late Shri T. Krishnamacharya is often called the Father of Modern and  is considered one of the most important masters who revived the practice of yoga in the early 20th century. His well – known disciples and students are Sri BKS Iyengar ,Shri TKV Desikachar, and Madame Indra Devi.
Yoga is all about attaining the unattainable at a body, breathe and mind level and also, most important, consolidating what has been attained.
An advanced yoga teacher certification program from a reputed institution would ensure that a person gets the correct teachings and training to move forward in his or her yoga journey in the right and appropriate  way and also, stabilizes this learning  at each and every learning stage. This in turn will ensure that the teacher is well equipped to impart knowledge in the most efficient and effective way. The teacher would be able to guide the students in the right direction and finally empowers the students to become self- sufficient in his or her yoga practice.
An advanced certification course would be well – grounded with a strong foundation in the theories and principles stemming out of main classical yoga texts. This course would help in an all-round holistic growth of the practitioner in the field of Yoga and allied fields like Ayurveda, Anatomy and Physiology and Psychology.  A teacher certified by a credible institution which has instructors and guides coming from a strong lineage would be more ideal to take this lineage forward.
A yoga teacher has an extremely crucial role to play in the advancement of a practitioner’s progress. It becomes essential that a teacher does full justice to the responsibility placed on him or her. And this would be possible only if he or she is fully immersed  in the rich tradition of yoga as given in our scriptures but at the same time is able to apply and adapt these classical techniques and principles to suit each of his or her students in the present day context. A teacher would seek to share and teach others and, in the process, introspect, internalize and learn better ways of reaching across to his or her students.
All this is possible only if the teacher certification program is so well developed that it is  able to deliver all this. The teachers need to be of a high calibre whose thoughts, speech and deeds would be in perfect harmony. The teachers themselves must become role models of that which is being taught.It is all the qualities that makes the faculty from Krishnamacharya Yoga Mandiram (KYM)  - Chennai conduct this program at our Centre , making it one of the most coveted and renowned Yoga Teacher Training Programs – Diploma in Yoga in India.
